Add nginx customization documentation (#365)
davidalger/warden: docs/environments/customizing.md

session.auto_start = Off
upload_max_filesize = 25M
```
### Nginx Specific Customizations
To override the default nginx configuration of your project, add a new file 
`.warden/warden-env.yml` to your project root with the following content:
```
version: "3.5"
services:
  nginx:
    volumes:
      - ./.warden/nginx/custom.conf:/etc/nginx/default.d/custom.conf
```

> There you can specify your nginx customizations, which will be merged with the default ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There you can specify a custom Nginx configuration which will be included following the `.conf` files within the `/etc/nginx/available.d` directory: `include /etc/nginx/default.d/*.conf`
```
